Friday, February 7th, 2025

Attendance

In Person on 02/05/2025 1. Evan 2. Connor 3. Kamden 4. Wayne 5. Cooper

Key Points

1. Met with each other to formulate questions to ask Devcom.
2. Discussed expectations for the EE team on the project.
3. Set up an idea on how often communication will be passed.

Thursday, February 6th, 2025

Attendance

In Person on 02/05/2025 1. Kamden 2. Evan 3. Cooper 4. Conner
Virtual 1. Wayne excused for work.

Key Points

1. Met with ME Professor and discussed work for the project.
2. Outlined what each team would be working on.
3. Planned when the teams would communicate and how they would function.

Action Items From Past Meetings

We worked on planning for the project proposal.
We did more research on the robot.

Member Updates

Evan - I organized the meeting with Dr. Pardue and Sawyer Hall this week. It introduced the ME team and advanced the project proposal. I conducted preliminary research for background information and scheduled a meeting with the ME capstone team. 
Connor - This week before the meeting with Dr. Purdue I did more research on the CirceBot and gathered questions for him to answer regarding what exactly we were in charge of doing as the electrical engineering team.  
Kamden - This week, I worked on tidying up GitHub as well as the format of meeting minutes. I did some research through the spec sheet to ask questions during our meeting on Friday.
Wayne - I researched hardware components we might need after learning ME responsibilities. I also contacted Dr. Rizvi from ECE as a potential advisor. I found current documentation on autonomous robots and their components. I also researched LIDAR and its implementation in our autonomous robot.
Cooper - Met the ME team supervisor with the team. Due to technical difficulties, I couldn’t join the meeting through Teams. However, I arrived at the meeting’s end and introduced myself to the Devcom people.

Meeting Minutes (Summary)

Forward progress was made in terms of figuring out what was needed for the project proposal as well as an understanding of what each team would be doing.

Action Items for Next Meeting Time

For the Team: 1. Meet with Devcom and figure out what the EE team will be doing.

Evan - I plan on working on the project proposal for our assigned parts. Also, I’ve got a meeting set up for this Thursday for an in person interaction with Devcom
Connor - After that meeting with a little more of an understanding I began to make a list of questions for the meeting we were planning to have with sawyer and the contacts from the army. We then had a team meeting over Microsoft teams with our whole team and two of their team members
Kamden - Begin working project proposal and meet Devcom in person.
Wayne, before the next meeting, I’ll formulate questions for the military representatives to clarify the project. I’ll combine my research with information from our colleagues and customers’ meetings to the project proposal. I’ll also continue researching to contribute.
Cooper - Check the CAD software available on the Library computers. The team plans to meet Devcom again this Thursday.
